Chloe Lannert: So we are
Chloe Lannert: almost fully approved for Demo Day. Thank you for the folks who got their stuff in last night.
Chloe Lannert: I'm feeling more peaceful now. Okay, so I appreciate that from y'all
Chloe Lannert: Where are we? Gonna me?
Chloe Lannert: Meet tomorrow.
Chloe Lannert: Do not double a nice shot.
Chloe Lannert: Where.
Chloe Lannert: Venture from market shares.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, what time? Thank you. Great. And we're not gonna be late.
Chloe Lannert: Beautiful. Okay, so this workshop is
Chloe Lannert: The origin of this was from Anthony Alipra, right? He was a program manager at Techstar, Chicago.
Chloe Lannert: He was d, 1 pitcher at Northwestern he was very cool, but very busy. He built out this whole workshop based on sports psychology to better understand how people can better maximize their performance in a really stressful situation.
Chloe Lannert: I, Alex, just wait.
Chloe Lannert: I did. Speech team in high school. This is me at 6 Am. On a Saturday morning at like 15 years old, fully suited up, ready to go
Chloe Lannert: give like a speech. I I really really hated it, but that's the origin of my like. Npr. Voice, as Neil calls it. I did rowing, and I loved it so I was a coxswain is what that position is called. I sat in the back of the boat and steered it, and shouted at people that was amazing. I really really really enjoyed that did it through college. Was was pretty good at it. And combination of these things led me to call my Llc. Big mouth
Chloe Lannert: so State of Delaware big mouth. Llc. So a lot of a lot of stuff that I've done throughout my life is really centered on just talking a lot.
Chloe Lannert: and so this is sort of why I'm I think I'm qualified to to take over Anthony's situation here. So
Chloe Lannert: yeah. So I my, my vocal cords are actually
Chloe Lannert: messed up because I spent it was this boat. The bow loaded 4 where I was in the front, and the people were behind me, and I didn't. You normally have a mic and speakers under the guys butts to to project your voice. I had a season where I had to shout so loud that someone 30 feet behind me on the water could hear me, and I lost my voice so badly my voice dropped an octave like it is. It is with me to this day. But I I really really loved it.
Chloe Lannert: but
Chloe Lannert: whole deal here. The boats are really expensive. They're like 50 grand. Each oar is 500 bucks. Give or take the people on the team can't see. So the rowers are facing backwards. I'm the only person who could like see in the boat, and you really need mental clarity and absolute focus, because the race is only about 6 min. Give or take.
Chloe Lannert: So it's honestly pretty similar to your pitches in that. There's money on the line. If you're looking for investment customer dollars, whatever it is. There's a lot of time that you've invested into this very short sort of payoff.
Chloe Lannert: and just like a rowing race. You guys have about 6 min to to make your mark.
Chloe Lannert: So we're gonna try to make pitching easy. This is this is gonna come back.
Chloe Lannert: There's there's there's more. There's more soon soon.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, so you guys are all gonna bear with me. And we're gonna do a little exercise. So everyone close your eyes.
Chloe Lannert: close your eyes. All right.
Chloe Lannert: You are standing in the hallway
Chloe Lannert: in Google's 1 market Plaza product launch room.
Chloe Lannert: You hear your music start to play.
Chloe Lannert: Really, take a moment, hear that walk on song.
Chloe Lannert: and you start to walk into the auditorium.
Chloe Lannert: George hands you the mic. You're moving forward. You step up on stage
Chloe Lannert: and open your eyes, and 200 people are there watching you?
Chloe Lannert: All right, open your eyes.
Chloe Lannert: What do you feel?
Chloe Lannert: Not rhetorical?
Chloe Lannert: Excited, ready, ready?
Chloe Lannert: What else?
Chloe Lannert: It's all up in there, hunt empowered.
Chloe Lannert: That is titled.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, no one's nervous.
Chloe Lannert: No one. This afternoon everyone this afternoon broke. Good.
Chloe Lannert: No one's nervous.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, what does that feel like?
Chloe Lannert: Like?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Just palm. Sweaty
Chloe Lannert: is the only one in this room who close their eyes and like opens them and feels like there's a little bit of nervous energy. I felt a little bit.
Chloe Lannert: I gotta go up there, too. Yeah, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Y'all my head starts to itch, boys, it's practice thing. Not like, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: with all of this, what what I was, what I was gunning for. You guys have kind of beat me to it. But fear has physical manifestations. So whatever that looks like for you, if it's in your chest, whatever else. That may be. These are a lot of the physical symptoms that you'll find from nervousness, anxiety, fear, leading up to a presentation
Chloe Lannert: feels really bad.
Chloe Lannert: It was nothing now.
Chloe Lannert: So if you were feeling whatever whatever feelings you you said, whatever you were feeling physically, this is why it's the epinephrine, the cortisol stress hormone sort of physical arousal that'll hype your body up, create that tension and create that bias towards action.
Chloe Lannert: So your stress response, here's some bio. I haven't taken Bio in many years, so I'll leave you with that.
Chloe Lannert: But basically what all of these hormones are are trying to do to you is to to prep you for fight or flight. So essentially
Chloe Lannert: way back, when our our caveman ancestors were preparing to like run from a bear.
Chloe Lannert: This is one of our our old Oakland companies. You remember, snow.
Chloe Lannert: remember? Yeah, this deck is going to get longer over time.
Chloe Lannert: but yeah, it's it's the fight or flight. It's the sort of tension and energy you need built up in your body to remove yourself from physically dangerous situations. But you guys aren't in
Chloe Lannert: physically dangerous situations anymore. So you've got all these symptoms
Chloe Lannert: and all of these hormones sort of building up in your body.
Chloe Lannert: But it's it's really it's not just negative. It's it's sort of a superpower. All that energy, all that bias towards action can be rechanneled.
Chloe Lannert: So how Anthony thinks about this is controlled breathing and mindfulness can transition fear into calm. So you can try to fight that state of like energy and arousal. But I found that it's a lot easier to do exactly what it seems like. Ankle is already doing, transitioning that fear into excitement. So just to to name that
Chloe Lannert: acknowledging the energy and and stress and sort of hormonal changes that you're you're feeling will,
Chloe Lannert: 1st of all, make you a lot more comfortable because you need to acknowledge it trying to pretend like it's not happening really isn't gonna gonna help you and it sort of will take more energy to deny what's happening than to just accept it. And then.
Chloe Lannert: if you're excited.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, acknowledgement. Accept that you're in this heightened state and then focus on the fact that your physical state doesn't change the task that you're about to do, and if anything might be able to help you with it
Chloe Lannert: by channeling that energy.
Chloe Lannert: So on that preparedness side.
Chloe Lannert: we're gonna do a little bit more later today to lock in that preparedness. But
Chloe Lannert: really believing that will be important walking up there to make sure that you're able to execute.
Chloe Lannert: You can rely on the work you put in this far.
Chloe Lannert: It's Annie.
Chloe Lannert: So this triple framework is what Anthony uses and what many classes have used before. It's really effective.
Chloe Lannert: I'm a little bit more casual about it. I honestly just call it self gaslighting
Chloe Lannert: like I just I just lie to myself. I frame it as like I'm smarter than my monkey brain, who thinks I'm scared like I I just. I'm just not scared. I'm excited so the pressure can be really easily reframed as as preparedness and and excitement. I'm so excited to talk about my business. I've been working so hard. I'm ready for this channeling that all those hormones and all that energy into a more positive state will help you approach
Chloe Lannert: Demo Day with a little bit more stability and comfort.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: another thing that I did, which is honestly probably the most helpful part of this whole talk based on
Chloe Lannert: My conversations with founders is what I used to do when I was rowing. So it's a 6 min race you can do practice races, but it's very rare that you're in conditions where you're really experiencing the full thing like it's very rare that you get to race alongside other people as a practice for a final race. So without the ability to do reps of the actual conditions of the event. What I would do is literally visualize it.
Chloe Lannert: So it would be a 6 min race for the couple of days before, specifically the night before. In the morning of I would sit down with my little race plan of like what I was going to be doing. All the calls I would make, all the mile markers and I would close my eyes and visualize and hear myself say everything I was going to say. Like word for word for word. I would hear the starting bell. I would hear the the or locks
Chloe Lannert: locking in, I would think, through the little taps and adjustments I was going to make before the race set. So for you. That would be like, where's your hand going to be on the microphone? Where are you going to look? Once you get on stage. Everything from like the music fade out to the breath you're going to take before starting your pitch.
Chloe Lannert: Think through it in really minute detail, and the 6 min race would take me 20 min to like visualize through line by line by line, really paying attention to each feeling, each sensation, each little step. So like the transition between your your pitch and your video, you have to take a couple of steps and like, look back at the screen with everyone. Get out of the way handshake with your eir, all of that.
Chloe Lannert: If you've done all of that in really insane detail, literally just eyes closed.
Chloe Lannert: You're able to feel like you've already done it
Chloe Lannert: by the time you get up there. By the time you get to the starting line or on stage for your pitch. You feel like it's already behind you, and you're just repeating what you've already executed seamlessly.
Chloe Lannert: So obviously, you want to verbally practice. But for me the almost like emotional practice, was really really helpful. Some people have taken this and and done it in a sort of meditation format there. There are lots of different ways that you can
Chloe Lannert: sort of enact this, but I really, really, really recommend it. It's it's helped. A lot like people have come up to me after Demo Day and been like I did that. And it was really really helpful. So if I leave you with anything. Let it be that. Just sit down and sort of meditate through what you're about to do.
Chloe Lannert: and it's it's not perfect. This is how I think through things. I've seen other people be successful with it. But lots of people handle their stress handle preparation in really different ways. So if you have something that works for you, Unker's already got it figured out.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, no, I was no speaking of you for the for earlier. Do what you're gonna do.
Chloe Lannert: But yeah, it. It's not gonna be perfect. You're gonna respond to things differently. You're gonna experiment based on your own experience and and and do what works for you.
Chloe Lannert: But here are a few things that it's helpful to avoid.
Chloe Lannert: There, the the main things you want to avoid are
Chloe Lannert: working yourself up unnecessarily, so don't lose focus on the task at hand.
Chloe Lannert: The main. Like, like earlier in the slide, your physical state changes. Your task does not.
Chloe Lannert: You've executed before you've done the practice you've put in the reps. Really stay hyper focused on exactly what you have to do next versus thinking.
Chloe Lannert: like a couple lines ahead, so like what sentence comes next?
Chloe Lannert: What? Where am I? Where am I moving right now? Versus what's
Chloe Lannert: versus? What's in the Q&A when you're halfway through the pitch. So try to really keep things bite size. If you try to deliver the whole pitch at once you're gonna you're gonna get lost.
Chloe Lannert: 2 types of people. I'm gonna ask for hands here. When you're stressed, do you speed up
Chloe Lannert: or slow down.
Chloe Lannert: Speed up. Slow down.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, slow down.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Cool. Make sure you know that about yourself.
Chloe Lannert: There are different things you can do to approach sort of
Chloe Lannert: editing for that. But if you're if you're a speed up person, make sure you, when you're sort of coaching yourself through the entire pitch, make sure you leave room for breath.
Chloe Lannert: Make sure you practice transitions between sentences to give yourself enough breathing room to let each point land.
Chloe Lannert: You're a slow down person. Chances are you're trying to deliver the entire thing at once, and spend too much time planning ahead like a lot of mental energy is is spent on. What's a couple of sentences ahead versus what's right in front of you. So experiment with that. See if that helps move things along. But also huge caveat here.
Chloe Lannert: whatever you're saying is, gonna feel faster to the audience.
Chloe Lannert: So if you're talking really fast, it's gonna feel really really fast to the audience. If you're talking pretty slow, chances are it'll feel pretty normal to the audience.
Chloe Lannert: Another huge thing on the audience. In general, they will not notice
Chloe Lannert: the vast majority of things that you notice. So like, I know, we say that. But I really want you to like, take a minute and believe it like you're gonna twitch. And you're gonna like, adjust your hand on the mic weirdly. And you're gonna sort of like.
Chloe Lannert: just do weird stuff. And no one's gonna notice. But you cool, cool, all right, so
Chloe Lannert: focus on the task at hand.
Chloe Lannert: Breathe.
Chloe Lannert: relax your shoulders wherever you carry tension. If it's in your chest. If it's in your shoulders, your neck, your
Chloe Lannert: knees weak, whatever that that is for you. Pay attention to where the stress lives in your body and intentionally try to release that a little bit
Chloe Lannert: and focus on what's immediately immediately in front of you. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: action, these 3 things about the company literally do these 3 things.
Chloe Lannert: So if you're ever feeling that nervous is either before or during, when you're up there.
Chloe Lannert: take a second to breathe, literally relax your shoulders.
Chloe Lannert: and they're literally focused on the next step.
Chloe Lannert: You do those 3 things. Give them back in almost guaranteed.
Chloe Lannert: You're in control.
Chloe Lannert: You've built these sets. You've built these pitches. You've built this narrative. You built these companies.
Chloe Lannert: It's gonna be good.
Chloe Lannert: Alright.
Chloe Lannert: One more time everyone close your eyes.
Chloe Lannert: You're in the back hallway of the Google product launch. Venue.
Chloe Lannert: George hands you the mic, and you start to hear your walk on song. Come on!
Chloe Lannert: You move forward to the front of the venue and take your place on stage.
Chloe Lannert: Take a deep breath, you relax your shoulders and you open your eyes.
Chloe Lannert: Little bit better.
Chloe Lannert: No excited pumped ready.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, alright beautiful. One more little tip that I'll share.
Chloe Lannert: So whatever whatever strategies to manage, stress work for you prioritize that. If you have a routine, and you have an understanding of what you need to do before doing something stressful. Do that. Don't reinvent the wheel. If you know, you need to go like
Chloe Lannert: power pose, or or splash water on your face in the bathroom, or
Chloe Lannert: rocked in the corner in a ball like whatever that looks like for you. Do that if it works, these are just meant to be additional strategies to help you?
Chloe Lannert: Can you all give me a few examples like, what do you guys do when you're stressed out? Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, you ever do a lot of public speaking that I
Chloe Lannert: like college dancing for like 4 years, and so
Chloe Lannert: so we used to perform a lot, and I had a bad, really bad habit, especially like Freshman Year sophomore year, where I would like walk off stage and not know what happened.
Chloe Lannert: And so like, I was like, literally like blackout on stage and I thought that was like not a big deal, and you know I was like fine. And it was like, Oh, you're just having fun. And I realized over time that's actually not something you should do at all, you should super focus and should not let that happen. I think, after I started to really learn to hold that in and stay in the moment, and not like not let the end
Chloe Lannert: kind of pile up I was like. I have. I have to fight extra hard to like nuts
Chloe Lannert: just like be like, Oh, whatever you know like, that's that's like my brain just has that tendency to be like. And then so for me, I try to not sit
Chloe Lannert: for like a while before the
Chloe Lannert: It's almost just to like, you know. Stay locked in, make sure.
Chloe Lannert: feeling all my body, and I guess that's because it's a dance thing. But yeah.
Chloe Lannert: real real. That actually was the walk on song of our 1st pitch last year.
Chloe Lannert: It's the 1st 1st song played I just would have been.
Chloe Lannert: And if I do, what helps me is I ground myself. There might be a lot on the ground.
Chloe Lannert: It's like sometimes feel that kind of like stability.
Chloe Lannert: and something that, like the vocal coach randomly told me it was like.
Chloe Lannert: You kind of. It's kind of like what you were doing, but it's like with your voice like you kind of stream it out a little bit inside your body, and it sets the anchor on like the it, like it gets the energy out like the nervous energy out, but it also grounds my like voice. This is where like that's too loud. But this is where whereas if you're nervous sometimes.
Chloe Lannert: so I'm I'm gonna use that in the future. That's holiday. Can't be going something
Chloe Lannert: like just like and be like, Okay, that's my nervous energy out. And so I'm good killer over here.
Chloe Lannert: You got any hammers?
Chloe Lannert: Strategies. Now, yeah, be.
Chloe Lannert: I'm not good at a lot of the things that you do. I actually do that all the time I'm gonna have to look into what you said, because definitely, but one that's always helped me power through so many of the same things since I was young
Chloe Lannert: is I just make sure that I'm genuinely excited to do what I'm about to do.
Chloe Lannert: Like am I here to actually do something good like? Am I here to share something I care about with people in the room, who, I think
Chloe Lannert: would benefit from hearing from me about it like that's it, like I get myself into the mental truth of is this
Chloe Lannert: what I want.
Chloe Lannert: and it's so long as that is true, I'm going to do my absolute best to stand and deliver, because that's fun. That's good. Now, if you're doing something because someone has asked you to do it, or you aren't sure or you're not. Yeah, if you get close into doing something that's no plan.
Chloe Lannert: But absolutely, though, if I just get to go with something that I think is really going to be good for me, for the company I'm excited to build for the people in the room that I'm gonna connect with. Afterwards. Like, Am I gonna reach the right person and get the right kind of progress that I signed up, for I do understand that
Chloe Lannert: so so long as you find whatever that is for you.
Chloe Lannert: everything's probably gonna fall into place.
Chloe Lannert: Hmm!
Chloe Lannert: I just think about the preparation out there for that.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, shit!
Chloe Lannert: We've seen a wireless, a lot of different things.
Chloe Lannert: being aware of what exactly the what you put in before the work you put in before. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: alright, I will leave you with 3 more little things
Chloe Lannert: figure out with what stakes are most comfortable in your head.
Chloe Lannert: So if you want to believe that Demo Day is a big thing that you're really excited for, and that is what makes the most sense, then then do that frame it as that for me, I need to lower the stakes in my head to like, be able to respond to something in reality, Demo Day is a day. It's not going to affect the long term course of your business. But figure out what level of importance to you makes you feel the most comfortable
Chloe Lannert: and run with that for the next 24 h.
Chloe Lannert: Like, if this goes well in that.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, let's go go, guys, let's do this.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, number 2, practice your transitions.
Chloe Lannert: So not just from like
Chloe Lannert: that for me, was always really really helpful for memorization and speech team, because I always ran into issues when I would memorize a pitch sentence by sentence, and not the transitions between the sentences. So like last 3 words of this sentence, 1, st 3 words of this sentence, make sure you have that flow.
Chloe Lannert: and really practice those specific moments, because that is the easiest place to get lost, and the hardest to find your way back is that, like clean transition between sentences, you trail off mid sentence. You can usually find your way back, but just a little bit of practice. There will go a long way.
Chloe Lannert: And then the final thing, prepare to be nervous.
Chloe Lannert: Right? So a lot of you feel really ready. Feel really good right now. That's great for me. I know that I'll I'll feel good going into something until the 10 min before, and then I will lose my mind.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, so even even if you feel great now, just be prepared to not feel awesome and be prepared to sort of bring yourself back from that break.
Chloe Lannert: So I'm I'm really glad you guys are feeling great now just have something in your head that you're going to take with you, for if you don't feel great
Chloe Lannert: at 4 o'clock tomorrow, yeah. Do you want to ask Buddy?
Chloe Lannert: Sorry anymore.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Ask questions.
Chloe Lannert: I practice more on the dance side. So right now, all of it's written down in like
Chloe Lannert: basically complete sentences. And I'm trying to move that through bullets. Yeah, I don't. I'm curious. What other people do is that the right transition made? Should I?
Chloe Lannert: You know what are like from a speech kind of practice perspective, especially for.
Chloe Lannert: like, I try and do try and do it out of order. So I get to practice all that. Yeah. So I'm curious. If there are strategies that people use, whether it's doing bullets. Putting stuff in your hand, I don't know, for the pitch
Chloe Lannert: that sounds great is understanding what the what the sentences are versus just bullets. You should understand the bullets as well, maybe break it down into like 5 bullets that you just have to like. Don't write it on your hand, but like, have 5 bullets locked in where it's like vision team.
Chloe Lannert: whatever. So if you totally lose the plot, you can go back and be like. These are the 3 things I'm trying to say with this pitch.
Chloe Lannert: but I would try to memorize it sentence by sentence.
Chloe Lannert: and then I would go in and have Andrew quiz. You
Chloe Lannert: have Andrew like, say the last 5 words of one sentence, and you immediately have to to jump into the next one.
Chloe Lannert: So like practicing and out of order is great, but, like on some level, you do need that order. You did craft it in a certain order. So
Chloe Lannert: really, the transitions between sentences are are the thing to sort of brush up on and make sure you're able to to do that because you don't really need the bullets. If you can just get the flow sentence to sentence, and then for the QA. What I'd be workshopping with your your eirs is 1st off, making sure you feel really good about the content, and the bullets, like the the QA. Should be less scripted
Chloe Lannert: if you can think about bullets. And then also, I really beg of all of you that you listen to your eir
Chloe Lannert: during the Q. And a. I think it's really easy to be like, okay, this is going to be this question, this is going to be this question, this is going to be this. And you just like rattle it off
Chloe Lannert: if you listen to your eir, it'll give you the sort of cues and like put you back in the exact state that you you need to like. Answer the question versus
Chloe Lannert: pulling this random bank of memory, of all of these answers, and all of these drafts and things about your business. So just
Chloe Lannert: listen
Chloe Lannert: on that point literally, you have instances where a founder asked a question, and the founder starts talking, and it's clear that they're answering a different question like it'll happen, and the hours there to save you, so they'll they'll they'll throw you bone. They'll look it up and like, react and respond all that. But like, if you're doing what Lor just said, memorization of step by step, and you're not following the flow of the conversation that might throw you off.
Chloe Lannert: So remember, there's always gonna be room. There's always gonna be room for those meeting and doing interactions. Be ready for that right
Chloe Lannert: dead in mind.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. And
Chloe Lannert: your ears are really there to help you get back on track. If you get lost in the QA. Like, we've had ears. Correct numbers thrown out by founders like a founder, was like, Yeah, 2 K Mrr.
Chloe Lannert: Wow, 20 K Mrr. Like the er will save them like the res are not expect expected to memorize everything, but like the more time you put in with them practicing, the the more they'll be able to navigate you back to where you need to be. And they're like they're here to make you look good.
Chloe Lannert: So they'll do what they they need to do to make that happen.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, yeah, I have a few things that
Chloe Lannert: think I have 4 things that will help you for to today and tomorrow.
Chloe Lannert: The 1st thing, and I think that's the most important part is monotony.
Chloe Lannert: Most people, when they talk whether it's speech and the QA. You'll too monitor. So there are 3 things you can work on which are tone, volume, and pace. Those are the 3 things you need to vary throughout your pitch. So volume is quite easy. You're speaking low or high. You can change that a bit
Chloe Lannert: pace that you need to do it a lot, because actually, you tend to speak too fast. Most people tend to speak too fast. So when you slow down, you actually listen to what you're saying, and then tone is the most difficult one, but it will help a lot. So what I was doing, for instance, with Encore is like, get an emotion in your mind. So like, I want to sound playful now. So I'm playing with my tone, and that when you're
Chloe Lannert: practicing your pitch like this part, I want to play it like magic, you know. That's kind of like how this is doing magic. And then you know, so that this tone, volume and pace you have to vary them across your whole Q&A. And pitch so that you know people stay engaged with you. Because if you're like speaking like that all the time, and then you just drawing sentences and sentences like, we're losing you very fast, and that's very easy to do. If you get your whole pitch rehearsing like trying to get everything done. But you don't pay attention to this.
Chloe Lannert: So that's the 1st very important thing.
Chloe Lannert: second, the start point is very, very important. So what we've done with Antoine was really practice. What we're doing when you're arriving. So you're arriving. George gives you the mind you're here.
Chloe Lannert: What you want to do is take like at least 3 seconds. Pause.
Chloe Lannert: watching the audience before starting, so that everyone's like
Chloe Lannert: what? Looking like someone, not if you arrive, you know. Hey, guys, everyone. My name is Alex.
Chloe Lannert: People are not in the mood. So like you arrive. And then you look everyone.
Chloe Lannert: And then you start so that you want to practice that a little bit.
Chloe Lannert: Then grounded
Chloe Lannert: most people. The problem is that they they kind of swing a bit, you know, and they make unpurposeful movements. So what you what is helpful for me at least, is, you know, have the feeds like shoulder wide. So if I'm like shoulder wide. I'm not, I'm not. I'm grounded. I. The image I'm having in my mind is like, I'm a tree.
Chloe Lannert: I'm a tree, and so I'm grounded. Now I can move purposefully, and that's way better, and if I want to move, I need to
Chloe Lannert: take my roots and move with purpose and grind myself somewhere else like that, because else it's very easy to get distracted and like start doing that. And then people start looking at you swinging, and they don't listen to what you're saying.
Chloe Lannert: That's
Chloe Lannert: 3rd thing. 4th thing is what's gonna help you during your pitch and your Q. And a. What you want to do is, look at one person in the audience.
Chloe Lannert: One person for approximately 3 seconds doesn't tell you. That's the time it takes to connect with someone, and then, once you have that connection, then you move on to another person for like 3 seconds and like, watch for the friendly faces we're gonna be there. We're gonna be cheering for you. And there are gonna be people on their phone, obviously. But some of them are going to be engaged. They're gonna be smiling. So they're gonna give you confidence. What you want to do is like right now, looking at Chris
Chloe Lannert: very intensively. But like, I'm sure, like Mark, and I'm sorry I don't have your names back there, but you're feeling engaged with me right? Because there's like 20 people out there. They're all feeling that I'm speaking to them.
Chloe Lannert: And so they're gonna feel connected. As soon as you're feeling connected, then you can move on. But they feel like, Oh, I'm special like, this is cool. So that's gonna help you at the cocktail hour. Yeah, like.
Chloe Lannert: focused on some like, take one person and that's gonna help you and then move from the thing. The last thing I said 5 things, the last thing to help you practice for today. What I always do is take yourself a recording video of your pitch like a 1 min, pitch on the QA. And then watch it 3 times one without the sound.
Chloe Lannert: So like you see how you are, how you like behave like the non verbal cues that you're giving. Are you like? Very monotonous? You can see it very well often we're like
Chloe Lannert: like that for 1 min. So you know, you have to move up. You're like kind of like that. Sooner you'll have to be grounded. Move purposely, make the little faces make a smile. Often you're smiling. So you're going to see that after that you're going to put without the image, and only the sound.
Chloe Lannert: So with only the sound, you're gonna see how it works. And then the last part is like taking everything together. But for every part you should be engaged, because, even like there are things when people, if you listen to them, that are really really great speakers, they speak a foreign language, and you're engaged with them that happens sometimes you're like, Wow, this person sound. I I really wish I knew what they were saying, because it was really interesting.
Chloe Lannert: So it's kind of the same for you. And so that helps you. What I do is like I do that. And then I took I take the video parts bit by bit to be like, Oh, here I'm swinging. Okay, I need to ground here for like 30 seconds. I'm not doing any movement. I'm like that. It's a bit boring, right like. Let's let's incorporate some, whatever this or 1, 2, 3, or whatever movements I want
Chloe Lannert: and do the same, for, like the
Chloe Lannert: audio paths of like, am I? And you're gonna see here because it's very boring to watch a video without sound where it's boring. Where are you engaging? And when you're not
Chloe Lannert: so, yeah, that's it.
Chloe Lannert: And how you do the chat, or whatever. But
Chloe Lannert: very good personalized attention invest amazing.
Chloe Lannert: Think it's important for you all to hear, and it's not going to be easy to hear. But
Chloe Lannert: I'm being real about it.
Chloe Lannert: This group, on the whole, is one of the more underprepared groups that I've seen in front of the monitoring
Chloe Lannert: real talk because we did our Friday deadline right deadline, and most of you all were not ready by Friday
Chloe Lannert: is very I've never seen.
Chloe Lannert: So that's something we need to think about about front of you guys. But on the other side
Chloe Lannert: you've got a hill to climb by the Mall.
Chloe Lannert: So I'm letting you know now that if you don't feel prepared you're not.
Chloe Lannert: and you need to get prepared, so that
Chloe Lannert: so take it as seriously as you can get the help you need to get. Do what you need to do to be ready, because tomorrow morning
Chloe Lannert: is our demo room.
Chloe Lannert: and if you don't show up for that, how can you show up for the afternoon?
Chloe Lannert: So that's your call to action. Help each other out cool
Chloe Lannert: alright. Now we can relax and do our 10 by 10. So bio break, and then we'll meet in the speakeasy in 8 min.
Chloe Lannert: Set up on the couches 8 min downstairs.
Chloe Lannert: It's that.